---
title: "2022-09-18: Devops Meeting"
---

# DevOps Meeting Notes

*Migrated from Notion*.

## Agenda

- Joe will grant Chris access to the netcup hosts.

### NetKube status

- **Rollout**
  - [x] RBAC configuration and access granting
  - [x] Most nodes are enrolled, Joe will re-check
  - `turing`, `ritchie`, `lovelace` and `neumann` will be Kubernetes nodes
  - `hopper` will be the storage server
- **Storage drivers**
  - Not needed, everything that needs persistent storage will run on hopper
  - Netcup does not support storage resize
  - We can download more RAM if we need it
  - A couple of services still need volume mounts: Ghost, Grafana & Graphite
- **Control plane high availability**
  - Joe mentions that in the case the control plane dies, everything else will
    die as well
  - If the control plane in Germany dies, so will Johannes
- **Early plans for migration**
  - We can use the Ansible repository issues for a good schedule
  - Hopper runs `nginx`
  - Statement from Joe:
    > “There is an nginx ingress running on every node in the cluster, okay,
    > okay? We don’t, the way that’s, that’s as a service is a NodePort, right?
    > So it has a normal IP, but the port will be like a random port in the range
    > of the 30,000s. Remember that? Hold on. Is he writing rude nodes? And then…
    > We have nginx, so this is where it’s like a little bit, like, not nice, I
    > guess we just like, cronjob it, to pull the nodes, like, every minute or
    > so, and then update the config if they change. But then it’s just like…
    > nginx is like a catalogue of nodes. Wahhh, you drive me crazy.”
    - "Nah, it makes sense!"
      - "It does!"
    - Joe will figure this out with assistance from his voices.

### Open authentication

- Joe and Johannes will check out OpenLDAP as a JumpCloud alternative starting
  from this evening
- Sofi has experience with OpenLDAP


## Sponsorship

This meeting has been sponsored by Chris Hemsworth Lovering's relationship
therapy company, "Love To Love By Lovering". You can sign up by sending a mail
to chris@jb3.dev.


<!-- vim: set textwidth=80 sw=2 ts=2: -->
