---
title: "2023-08-22: Devops meeting notes"
---

# DevOps Meeting Notes


<!--

Useful links

- Infra open issues: https://github.com/python-discord/infra/issues

- infra open pull requests: https://github.com/python-discord/infra/pulls

- *If* any open issue or pull request needs discussion, why was the existing
  asynchronous logged communication over GitHub insufficient?

-->


## Agenda

- Bella said he is on the streets. **We should start a gofundme**.

  - After some more conversation this just means he is on vacation and currently
    taking a walk.

- Chris has been busy with turning his living room into a picasso art
  collection, Johannes has been busy with renovating his bedroom, and Bella is
  not home.

  - Our next priority is winning.

- We checked out some issues with documentation generation in `bot-core` that
  Bella has mentioned. We managed to fix one issue with pydantic by adding it to
  an exclude list but ran into another problem next.


<!-- vim: set textwidth=80 sw=2 ts=2: -->
