---
layout: default
title: "2022-04-07: Devops Meeting"
parent: Meeting notes - 2022 archive
nav_order: 1
---

# DevOps Meeting Notes

## Agenda

- No updates, as last week's meeting did not take place

## Roadmap review & planning

What are we working on for the next meeting?

- Help wanted for #57 (h-asgi)
- #58 (postgres exporter) needs a new review
- #54 (firewall in VPN) will be done by Johannes
- We need a testing environment #67
- Johannes will add a Graphite role #31
- Sofi will take a look at #29
- #41 (policy bot) will be taken care of by Johannes
