---
layout: default
title: "2023-09-05: Devops meeting notes"
parent: Meeting notes
nav_order:
---

# DevOps Meeting Notes


<!--

Useful links

- Infra open issues: https://github.com/python-discord/infra/issues

- infra open pull requests: https://github.com/python-discord/infra/pulls

- *If* any open issue or pull request needs discussion, why was the existing
  asynchronous logged communication over GitHub insufficient?

-->


## Agenda

- No update on the Hugo build yet

- Johannes wrote a proposal for snowflake proxy to be deployed to our netcup hosts
  - Admins discussed and came to the conclusion that since we don't own the servers,
    we got the servers from netcup as a sponsorship to host our infra, so using them
    to host something that isn't our infra doesn't seem right.

- Lots of dependabot PRs closed
  - https://github.com/search?q=org%3Apython-discord++is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22area%3A+dependencies%22&type=pullrequests&ref=advsearch
  - Closed ~50% of PRs

- Workers repo has had its CI rewritten, all workers have consistent package.json,
  scripts, and using the new style of cloudflare workers which don't use webpack

- Metricity updated to SQLAlchemy 2

- Olli CI PR is up
  - https://github.com/python-discord/olli/pull/25

- Sir-Robin pydantic constants PR is up
  - https://github.com/python-discord/sir-robin/pull/93


<!-- vim: set textwidth=80 sw=2 ts=2: -->
