---
layout: default
title: "2023-08-08: Devops Meeting"
parent: Meeting notes
nav_order:
---

# DevOps Meeting Notes

## Agenda

- Configuration of PostgreSQL and the PostgreSQL exporter

  - **No time so far**. Chris has been busy with renovating his living room,
    and Johannes has been busy with renovating his bedroom. Bradley prefers to
    remain quiet.

  - Chris will try to work on this in the coming week and will try to have Bella
    around as well, since he wanted to join the setup.

- **Potential slot for GPG key signing of DevOps members**. External
  verification will be necessary.

  - Skipped. No webcam on Chris.

- We need to assign a **librarian** to keep our documents organized according to
  a system. Johannes is happy to do this for now.

  - Let's move the existing documentation from the Kubernetes repository into
    the infra repository. See
    [kubernetes#161](https://github.com/python-discord/kubernetes/issues/161).

  - **Our Notion DevOps space is full of junk**. Outside of that, it's not open
    to read for outside contributors, and does not leave much choice over which
    client to use for editing content.

    - Chris agrees, without looking on it - just from memory. We should move it
      to the infra repository. (The meeting notes have already been
      transferred).

  - Bella suggests to add some automation to make keeping everything in clean
    order less tedious.

- We may want to integrate the **Kubernetes repository** and the infra
  repository together altogether, however there are a lot of repositories
  referencing the deployment manifests that would need to be updated.

  - Chris mentions that regardless of what we do, we should - at the very least
    move all documentation into the `infra` repository, including the static
    site generator. At the moment we're using Jekyll but we're open to trying
    alternatives such as Hugo.

- We closed some issues and pull requests in the repositories for late spring
  cleaning.


<!-- vim: set textwidth=80 sw=2 ts=2 autoindent conceallevel=2: -->
