2023-09-12
==========

.. raw:: html

   <!--

   Useful links

   - Infra open issues: https://github.com/python-discord/infra/issues

   - infra open pull requests: https://github.com/python-discord/infra/pulls

   - *If* any open issue or pull request needs discussion, why was the existing
     asynchronous logged communication over GitHub insufficient?

   -->

Agenda
------

-  We have reason to believe that Bella is still on the streets. Worse,
   Bella is not available at the moment, leading us to believe that
   Bella has still not found a home.

   -  Eight minutes into the meeting, Bella joins, complaining about the
      bad internet. He mentions he is still on the streets (this may
      contribute to the bad internet factor).

-  Chris made Mina leave with his repeated comments about Bella being
   homeless, reminding Mina of the growing unemployment rate within the
   DevOps team. As head of HR she cannot further support this matter.

-  About #139, Bella mentions that online websites may cover the same
   need that we have, but it may not be really useful for having it as a
   command.

   -  Chris adds that “if someone wants to do it, I don’t mind” and “I
      don’t think it would be very useful for a command, but I think it
      would be fun to learn for someone implementing it”. As long as
      whoever is implementing is is aware that it would not be used too
      much, it would be fine.

-  No progress on the hugo front

-  Our email service with workers will be forward only

   -  With postfix you will be able to reply. Joe wants to have an
      excuse to play with Cloudflare workers though.

-  `50 open pull requests from
   dependabot <https://github.com/search?q=org%3Apython-discord++is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+author%3Aapp%2Fdependabot&type=pullrequests&ref=advsearch>`__

   -  Tip from The Man: press ^D to make a bookmark in your browser

   -  “Those can just be blindly merged” - Chris

-  Grouping of dependencies: Dependabot now allows you to group together
   multiple dependency updates into a single pull request.

   -  Possible approaches suggested: Group all the docker updates
      together, group any linting dependencies together (would just
      require a big RegEx). Dependabot natively works with its own
      dependency groups here (e.g. Docker, Pip).

-  Mr. Hemlock wants to raise his roof: It’s his project for this
   Autumn. We, the team, are looking forward to his project - especially
   Bella, who is currently looking for housing. “It’s all coming
   together”, said Chris to the situation.

.. raw:: html

   <!-- vim: set textwidth=80 sw=2 ts=2: -->
