---
draft: false
date: 2023-08-01
authors:
   - joe
description: Meeting minutes from 2023-08-01
---
# 2023-08-01

## Agenda

### Infrastructure migration

The vote is tied. Chris and Johannes decided that we should test out
migrating the PostgreSQL database at the very least. We then have more
freedom about our data. What we need to do:

<!-- more -->

- Allow PostgreSQL connections from LKE's static IPs in the firewall
- Whitelist the static IPs from Linode via `pg_hba.conf`
- Schedule downtime for the PostgreSQL database
- **At downtime**
  - Take writers offline
  - Dump database from Linode into Netcup
  - Update all the client's database URLs to point to netcup
  - Restart writers

We want to rely on the restore to create everything properly, but will
need to test run this beforehand. The following `pg_virtualenv` command
has showcased that it works properly:

``` sh
kubectl exec -it postgres-... -- pg_dumpall -U pythondiscord \
| pg_virtualenv psql -v ON_ERROR_STOP=1
```

Note however that the database extension `pg_repack` needs to be
installed.

Before we can get started, we need to allow the PostgreSQL role to
configure `pg_hba.conf` and `postgresql.conf` entries.

### Meeting notes

We're using GitHub at the moment. Some are left in Notion. We should
migrate these to GitHub to have a uniform interface: Johannes will pick
up
[python-discord/infra#108](https://github.com/python-discord/infra/issues/108)
to merge them together into Git, as its more open than Notion.

### Ansible lint failures in the infra repository

Excluding the vault was found as the working solution here, as
implemented by Chris.

### Kubernetes repository pull requests

These were cleaned up thanks to Chris.

## Roadmap review & planning

- Chris will prepare the PostgreSQL configuration mentioned above.
