---
draft: false
date: 2024-07-02
authors:
   - joe
description: Meeting minutes from 2024-07-02
---
# 2024-07-02

<!-- more -->

## Attendees

Joe and Johannes.

Chris unfortunately died in a fatal train accident and could not attend
the meeting. This incident will be rectified in the next release,
"Lovering 2.0: Immortability".

Bella is out on the streets again. We are waiting for approval from the
Python Discord admins to run another fundraiser.

## Agenda

- **Configuration of renovate** (Joe)

  We are replacing dependabot with renovatebot. Johannes welcomes this
  decision. Joe says we are looking for automatic deployment from
  Kubernetes to make sure that any updates are automatically deployed.

  **Conclusion**: Implemented.

- **Resizing Netcup servers** (Joe, Johannes)

  We can probably get rid of turing, assess what else we want to deploy
  on lovelace, and then ask for a resize.

  **Conclusion**: Create issue to move things off turing, remove it from
  the inventory, remove it from documentation, power it off, then have
  Joe ask for server removal.

- **Updating the public statistics page** (Johannes)

  Discussing and showcasing possible alternatives to the current
  infrastructure powering <https://stats.pythondiscord.com> via the
  <https://github.com/python-discord/public-stats> repository. Johannes
  presents his current scripts that cuddle RRDTool into loading data out
  of metricity, Joe says we will discuss with Chris what to do here.

  The likely way going forward will be that *we will open an issue to
  set it up*, the setup will contain an Ansible role to deploy the
  cronjob and the script onto lovelace alongside with the `rrdtool`
  PostgreSQL user.

  **Conclusion**: Johannes will create an issue and codify the setup in
  Ansible.

- **New blog powered by Hugo** (Johannes)

  Our current Ghost-powered blog is a tiny bit strange, and the
  onboarding ramp to contribute articles is large. We want to migrate
  this to Hugo - Johannes is leading the effort on it. The main work
  will be building an appropriate theme, as no nicely suitable
  replacement theme has been found so far. Front-end contributors would
  be nice for this, although currently everything is still local on my
  machine.

  Joe mentions that we don't need to take anything particularly similar
  to the current Ghost theme, just some vague resemblance would be nice.
  Most of the recommended Hugo themes would probably work. Johannes will
  check it out further.

  **Conclusion**: Try the [hugo-casper-two
  theme](https://github.com/eueung/hugo-casper-two) and report back.

- **Finger server** (Joe, Johannes)

  Joe recently proposed [the deployment of a finger
  server](https://github.com/python-discord/infra/pull/373). Do we want
  this and if yes, how are we going to proceed with this? If we do not
  want any, running the `pinky` command locally or via `ssh` would be a
  sound idea. We also need to consider whether members will update their
  files regularly - we may want to incorporate functionality for this
  into e.g. King Arthur.

  Joe says that we shouldn't put a lot of development effort into it, it
  would be simply a novelty thing.

  **Conclusion**: This is a nice cheap win for some fun which should
  just be a simple Python file (via Twisted's Finger protocol support or
  whatever) that connects to LDAP (see Keycloak authentication server)
  and outputs information. We could possibly integrate this into King
  Arthur as well, so the querying workflow could look like KA -\>
  fingerd -\> LDAP, or people could use finger commands directly.

- **Keycloak authentication server** (Joe)

  Joe mentions that we are deploying a Keycloak server because for some
  members authenticating via GitHub is cumbersome, for instance because
  their GitHub account is connected to their employer's GitHub
  Enterprise installation. We could hook up a finger server to the LDAP
  endpoint. Joe also mentions that we might want to set up e-mail
  forwarding from pydis addresses to users via the user database that
  will be stored in Keycloak.

  Currently we only have a Keycloak installation that stores items in
  PostgreSQL. This installation can federate to LDAP - we would simply
  have to settle on some directory service backend. Joe suggests FreeIPA
  because he's familar with it (including the Keycloak integration). The
  problem is that it doesn't work on Debian. The alternative proposal,
  given that we're saving ~50\$/month on Linode, would be spinning up a
  Rocky VM with FreeIPA on it on Linode (we already have the budget) or
  ask Netcup for another VM. Ultimately, the system to run FreeIPA would
  be something CentOS-based. One aspect to consider is networking
  security: in Linode we could use their private cloud endpoint feature
  to securely expose the LDAP server to Keycloak and other services in
  Kubernetes, if we were to run it in Netcup, we would need to use a
  similar setup to what we currently have with PostgreSQL.

  Any Python Discord user would be managed in LDAP, and Keycloak has the
  necessary roles to write back into LDAP. Keeping the users in FreeIPA
  up-to-date would be a somewhat manual procedure. Joe's plan was to
  pick up the user's Discord username and use `$username@pydis.wtf` as
  their name and do account setup as part of the staff onboarding.

  **Conclusion**: Will wait for Chris to discuss this further, but we
  simply need to decide where we want to run the LDAP service.

- **Flux CD** (Joe)

  Joe proposes deploying [flux](https://fluxcd.io/) as a way to improve
  the way we manage our CI/CD. We want the cluster to be able to
  synchronize its state with the git repository. There are some
  manifests in the repository currently that are not in sync with the
  cluster version.

  **Conclusion**: Approved, Joe will create an issue and do it.

- **Polonium** (Chris)

  Question came up regarding why the bot does not write to the database
  directly. Joe said it's not perfect to have the bot write to it
  directly - in metricity it works but it's not perfect. Chris probably
  had good reason: separation of intent.

  **Conclusion**: Approved, write to R&D for financing.

- **Rethinking Bella: Suggested measures to gain autonomy** (Chris)

  Chris will present our current plans to biologically re-think and
  improve Bella's current architecture by means of hypertrophy-supported
  capillary enlargements, with the final goal of gaining complete
  control and ownership over the World Economic Forum by 2026. As Bella
  is currently on parental leave, we will send him the result of this
  voting via NNCP.
