---
draft: false
date: 2024-08-16
authors:
  - jc
description: Meeting minutes from 2024-08-15
---

# 2024-08-15

## Attendees

Joe, Fredrick, Chris, Johannes, Bella (in poltergeist form)

<!-- more -->

## Agenda

### Attempted redeployment of mboxes as maildirs

- It begins with Joe updating the postfix configuration file to cause it to
  write into maildir files (by suffixing the destination with a `/`).

- We then try to convert existing mailbox files using the `md2md` tool,
  originally within the `/var/mail` directory. This does not go very well.

- Joe copies the files to his home directory and tries to convert it there,
  which does not work either.

- Joe's `[REDACTED FOR PUBLIC RELEASE]` walks in and asks Joe a question

    - Joe's screen showcases "Microphone muted".

    - Joe says "Yeah, I'm muted now".

    - The conversation is perfectly audible. Chris and Johannes begin to emit a
      subtle smile.

    - Joe says some form of British goodbye that I cannot transcribe here.

    - Joe's screen showcases "Microphone unmuted".

    - Johannes bursts into laughter.

    - Joe asks "What?"

    - Johannes keeps laughing. The smile on Chris' face grows.

    - Joe gets even more confused.

    - Chris' smile keeps growing. Fredrick, who normally tries his best to act
      like a sunglass-wearing robot, also has to start smiling. Joe starts
      smiling as well.

    - Johannes and Chris explain it to Joe. Chris explains the technicalities of
      why Joe was not muted properly.

        - SIGINT team suggests monitoring Chris carefully, given that he knows
          precisely how to make microphone mute functions cease to work.

    - After audible gears can be heard to turn in Fredrick's head, he ceases to
      smile.

- A minute passes in the United Kingdom. 60 seconds pass in Germany.

- The team remembers that they wanted to migrate mailboxes.

    - The last attempt in Joe's home directory did not work.

- Unfortunately all of the four fully grown software engineers on call are
  incapable of reading and understanding a manual page.

- Joe opens the Dovecot website and starts planting seeds of thought through
  his (now unmuted) microphone.

- Johannes, taking heavy inspiration from Fredrick, takes 10 seconds to process
  what Joe is suggesting.

    - Joe asks a bunch of questions on Dovecot. Johannes answers. Chris browses
      car pictures.

- Bella blasts in (because of his explosive personality). The team is shocked by
  this, as it was known that Bella was currently on his anti-celibacy trip and
  thus his Brothers From Another Mother were not on the priority list.

- Bella's `[REDACTED FOR PUBLIC RELEASE]` is briefly seen in the background.
  Bella is quick to state that he has to leave.

- Disappointment fills the chat, we are still only Bella's sidechick.

- Joe and Johannes discuss Dovecot and realize that it is probably a too
  complicated solution. Chris is still browsing car pictures. Judging by the
  reflection in Fredrick's sunglasses, he appears to be staring at a white
  screen.

- The team gives up on maildirs and decides that mbox format is probably good
  enough.
