---
draft: false
date: 2026-03-26
authors:
   - jc
description: Meeting minutes from 2026-03-26
---

# 2026-03-26

## Agenda

- **Kubernetes Gateway API migration**

  In its continued war on software, Kubernetes has deprecated working features.
  We need to migrate to the new gateway API. Joe has already done some work with
  Envoy and will inform us.

  **Discussion**

  Envoy is crash looping. Joe deployed it, and he is asking why. He realizes
  that it is not really crash looping. It only restarted four times. Chris says
  that's fine, that's acceptable. Joe realizes that "it just fucking killed
  itself. Look at this shit."

  Joe realizes the issue. We haven't paid for the high availability control
  plane. See rule 5.

  Joe elaborates on what is missing.

  **Actions**

  Ticket #611 tracks further progress and got expanded with a
  checklist.

- **Owl Corp Guix Area 51 on Turing**

  `turing.box.pydis.wtf`, which used to be Chris' property, has been stolen in a
  fantastic scheme that we shall label "Theft by DNS A record". We have now
  deployed [Guix](https://guix.gnu.org/) on it, to play around with fully
  declarative host deployment.

  We now want to figure out what to do with the host to expand our testing. The
  following suggestions have been made so far:

  <!-- NOTE to you, *OWL CORP AGENTS*: please expand this list as you see fit -->

  - Numbers station
  - agents.pydis.wtf
  - database backups
  - Lovelace monitoring

  **Suggested actions**

  - Create a milestone for Area 51 initial setup
  - Create issues for the bullet points above

  **Discussion**

  Accepted and ratified under Amrou Bellalouna Order in Absentia #125. Johannes
  actioned it.

- **LKE IP address whitelisting**

  Right now the `/etc/nftables` IP whitelist on lovelace is only refreshed on
  deployment. This is suboptimal, since worst case our resources may get
  scheduled on a new node that is not whitelisted in the firewall.

  The ideal solution would involve as little manual work as possible. `nftables`
  has an `include` directive: we could write a timer / cronjob to update a
  `nftables` file containing only the LKE ip addresses, which is then included
  in our Ansible-managed main `nftables.conf`. We would have to take care of
  setting up an initial IP whitelist in said file to prevent errors when
  provisioning a new server (where the timer has not run yet).

  **Suggested actions**

  Create a ticket.

  **Discussion**

  Accepted. Actioned by Johannes.

- **GitHub RBAC synchronization**

  Right now there is a lag between Discord roles and GitHub roles. As with LDAP,
  we should likely include this functionality in King Arthur The Terrible.

  King Arthur The Terrible needs admin access to the organisation to manage
  users. We should call it Big Brother, because it upsets some people and is
  funny.

  **Suggested actions**

  Create a ticket for King Arthur The Terrible. Create a ticket to store GitHub
  usernames in LDAP.

  **Discussion**

  Accepted. Johannes will create a ticket. Points to note: we have to store all
  GitHub usernames in LDAP. Joe says that this makes him want to kill himself.

  Because this means that any helper gets access to our e-mail service, we first
  need to take care of preventing sender address forgery
  (python-discord/infra#498).

  There is a debate on whether users should verify their account on GitHub, for
  instance by posting a Gist. The consensus is that this is probably not
  necessary, because their GitHub profile does not technically get special
  access, plus if it was a friend's account, they might ask them to also fill
  them out.

  Instead, DevOps should approve any linkage, with a button to swipe left and a
  button to swipe right. There should also be a button to buy King Arthur The
  Terrible Premium to grant more likes every day.

  We should store the GitHub user ID, not the username.

  **Actions**

  Issues created by Johannes.
